Lack of direction not lack of time is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
Whenever you want to achieve something keep your eyes open concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want. No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act but a habit.
Instead of focusing on that circumstances that you cannot change – focus strongly and powerfully on the circumstances that you can.
Don’t dwell on what went wrong. Instead focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. —Bertrand Russell
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality. —Malala Yousafzai
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. —Earl Nightingale
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. —E. E. Cummings
The power of imagination makes us infinite. —John Muir
I dwell in possibility. —Emily Dickinson
Create happy habits not restrictions.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me. —Zane Grey
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome. —Wilma Rudolph
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. —Jim Rohn
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. —Mahatma Gandhi
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. —Joseph Campbell
Each day provides its own gifts. —Marcus Aurelius
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. —Nathaniel Hawthorne
The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing. – Walt Disney
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. – Winston Churchill
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. – Will Rogers
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you. – Steve Jobs
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do. – Rob Siltanen
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. – Og Mandino
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. – Maya Angelou
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like? – Brian Tracy
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action. – Dr. Henry Link
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. – Helen Keller
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Creativity is intelligence having fun. – Albert Einstein
What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time. – Don Zimmer
Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are. – Theodore Roosevelt
Develop an ‘Attitude Of Gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you. – Brian Tracy
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. – C.S. Lewis
To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage. – Confucius
Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body. – Brian Tracy
The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best! – Brian Tracy
For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded. – Jack Canfield
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. – John Wooden
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
If you don’t stand for something, you’ll fall for anything. - Malcolm X
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try. - Seth Godin
Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection. - Mark Twain
The one thing I learned is to just give everything a shot. You don’t want to live in regret. - Chloe Kim
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. - Thomas Jefferson
Greatness is sifted through the grind, therefore don’t despise the hard work now for surely it will be worth it in the end. - Sanjo Jendayi
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work. - Colin Powell
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work. - Joseph Barbara
No great achiever – even those who made it seem easy – ever succeeded without hard work. - Jonathan Sacks
You learn the value of hard work by working hard.
Nobody’s a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It’s hard to stay on top. - Paul Coffey
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better. - Jim Rohn
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work. - Calvin Coolidge
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. - Jimmy Johnson
Embrace the pain to inherit the gain. - Habeeb Akande
When I meet succesful people I ask about 100 questions to find out who they attribute their success to. It is usually the same: persistence, hard work and hiring good people. - Kiana Tom
If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level that you say you do, there’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there. - Joyce Chapman
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. - Beverly Sills
Nothing in life comes easy.
Start by doing what’s necessary, then what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. - Saint Francis
I don’t focus on what I’m up against. I focus on my goals and I try to ignore the rest. - Venus Williams
The quality of a person’s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor. - Vince Lombardi
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. - Lyndon Johnson
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing. - Ernest Hemingway
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. - Anne Frank
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. - Helen Keller
Whatever your life’s work is, do it well. A man should do his job so well that the living, the dead, and the unborn could do it no better. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. - J.M. Barrie
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
You must do the things you think you cannot do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts. - Ella Fitzgerald
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. - Michael Altshuler
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
Focus means eliminating distractions, not just from other people, but the things we do to distract ourselves. - Catherine Pulsifier
We often need an outside source to show us our need for an adjustment in focus, and when we finally acknowledge our need, the truth presents the wonderful ability to see clearly again. - Ben Baughman
Not taking breaks from a big task may also lead us to become burned out. The constant stress from one task may overwhelm your mind. Mental fatigue will affect our ability to focus and solve problems. - John Morgan
Most of the time, we get stuck on a problem because our focus is too narrow. When we repeatedly use one technique and accustomed ways of thinking, we limit our ability and stifle creativity. - Jennifer April
Concentration can be cultivated. One can learn to exercise will power, discipline one's body and train one's mind. - Anil Ambani
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. -Ray Knight
To be able to concentrate for a considerable time is essential to difficult achievement. - Bertrand Russel
Distraction wastes our energy, concentration restores it. - Sharon Salzberg
You can always find a distraction if you're looking for one. - Tom Kite
If we let ourselves, we shall always be waiting for some distraction or other to end before we can really get down to our work. - C. S. Lewis
When distractions are manifold, it's best to remember what you are supposed to be doing. - David Levithan
There is never a time when new distraction will not show up; we sow them, so several will grow from the same seed. - Seneca
Distracted from distraction by distraction - T. S. Elio
Need a distraction today? Not only does 12 + 1 = 11 + 2, but the letters "twelve plus one" rearrange to give you "eleven plus two. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
You can’t depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. — Mark Twain